quickstart doc (#259)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/interfaces.md

|![rust](/docs/misc/rust.webp)|**[Rust](https://github.com/qdrant/rust-client)**|`cargo add qdrant-client`|**Latest Release**|
|![golang](/docs/misc/go.webp)|**[Go](https://github.com/qdrant/go-client)**|`go get github.com/qdrant/go-client`|**Latest Release**|

## API Reference

All interaction with Qdrant takes place via the REST API. We recommend using REST API if you are using Qdrant for the first time or if you are working on a prototype.

|API|Documentation|
|-|-|
| REST API |[OpenAPI Specification](https://qdrant.github.io/qdrant/redoc/index.html)|
| gRPC API| [gRPC Documentation](https://github.com/qdrant/qdrant/blob/master/docs/grpc/docs.md)|

### gRPC Interface

The gRPC methods follow the same principles as REST. For each REST endpoint, there is a corresponding gRPC method.

As per the [configuration file](https://github.com/qdrant/qdrant/blob/master/config/config.yaml), the gRPC interface is available on the specified port.

```yaml
service:
  grpc_port: 6334
```
<aside role="status">If you decide to use gRPC, you must expose the port when starting Qdrant.</aside>
 
Running the service inside of Docker will look like this:

```bash
docker run -p 6333:6333 -p 6334:6334 \

>     -v $(pwd)/qdrant_storage:/qdrant/storage \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -v $(pwd)/qdrant_storage:/qdrant/storage:z \
```
Just prevent SELinux problems

    qdrant/qdrant
```

> **When to use gRPC:** The choice between gRPC and the REST API is a trade-off between convenience and speed. gRPC is a binary protocol and can be more challenging to debug.We recommend switching to it if you are already familiar with Qdrant and are trying to optimize the performance of your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**When to use gRPC:** The choice between gRPC and the REST API is a trade-off between convenience and speed. gRPC is a binary protocol and can be more challenging to debug. We recommend using gRPC if you are already familiar with Qdrant and are trying to optimize the performance of your application.
```

## Qdrant Web UI

Qdrant's Web UI is an intuitive and efficient graphic interface for your Qdrant Collections, REST API and data points.

In the **Console**, you may use the REST API to interact with Qdrant, while in **Collections**, you can manage all the collections and upload Snapshots. 

![Qdrant Web UI](/articles_data/qdrant-1.3.x/web-ui.png)

### Accessing the Web UI

First, run the Docker container:

```bash
docker run -p 6333:6333 -p 6334:6334 \

>     -v $(pwd)/qdrant_storage:/qdrant/storage:z \

Reviewer: I am curious why we are even having people mount a local volume? The data directory will be retained as long as they don't delete the container. Mounting a volume like this definitely makes sense if you want to upgrade your container AND the file format stays consistent between releases. 
If we don't make an external volume, then when they delete the container, it will also clean up any data files. 

Perhaps should the -v as a more advanced use or as a note before this one?

```bash
docker run -p 6333:6333 -p 6334:6334 \

>     -v $(pwd)/qdrant_storage:/qdrant/storage:z \

Reviewer 2: What does `:z` mean?

Reviewer: It prevents SELinux errors when trying to write and access host disk space. I ran into this error when trying to start the container on Fedora. 
https://jaosorior.dev/2018/selinux-and-docker-notes/

|"z(lower): relabels the content you’re mounting into the container, and makes it shareable between containers."
